Uh, so in previous things we found one error and the error is related to Java EE Web application.
So my suggestion is add this dependency in Java X API and that's it.
Now there is no other errors and these are very similar thing created and everything.
So let me do one thing.
Let me close these things because we have already seen these things.
So what I changed now I changed to three things here I added.
One involves JSP to create one in box.
Now remember, I'm using I am app thing.
You can use three things also here.
So why?
I told you creating the inbox thing is complicated because you need to handle with the file exception
and everything.
So creating inbox is very critical thing using java.
Other than this you can use like for this purpose.
JavaScript is very useful, like it is embedded but using Java is not very common thing.
So I created this.
It's very similar.
I added some bootstrap file, I'm using JS file and I did this for this purpose.
I need my this thing which is mailing thing and I am passing the file name for my email and everything
I'm doing here and code for I'm acting is just see I'm everything is basically 993 username and the
password filter protocol is I don't use I read the host SMTP this this is and I'm connecting this to
my URL now I don't want to specify the more detailed thing here.
I just go with some two, three old mails, not new mails in my inbox.
But let me show you how we can forcefully do this in this.
And previously I got error, and that error is regarding to this.
So now I rectified that error.
And let me show you this email utility thing.
Also, I changed a little bit, which is basically this thing and in mail client also I have one like
I never mentioned this thing which is basically overloading thing where I'm providing the overload,
which is HTTP servlet.
So no need to choose anything here.
Just close this because I added my main dependency.
So this is the in boxing.
So you need to do this thing, check whether these are appended or not or overwrite it or not.
If not, you have to override it again manually.
So that one error I rectified I change email utility little bit, not very deeply change it a little
bit.
Some variables I changed.
Then let me do one thing here.
Let you start to optimize imports.
Like optimizing imports is a good thing to do because I don't want to specify that much things here.
And I just know I can remove all these things directly.
It's no longer required.
So I created this.
Now it's time to test it.
So testing is very easy.
Go to edit configuration field and.
What required thing is check your your tomcat server with 2000 to code.
My 2002 code is not used so I'm using this.
Similar to what war one, I'm going to build this.
So it will take time to build and performing the actions while building.
You can check this so.
Let me show you.
It's doing all these things and it's accessing and compiling everything.
So give ID to do these things.
While regularly developing this app, you need to add some application things and dependency.
Also, you can add your database also.
So now you can check this.
My Tomcat server is now running.
Build is successful.
As you can see, build is successfully 13 seconds completed and now the service is running.
So you can add how you have to add some dependencies here in XML to perform every actions that PostgreSQL
will have.
Also providing the PostgreSQL dependency and you can perform these applications directly using this.
So.
Let me show this is my email application if you know this and.
Let me show you these things.
So.
So this is my email basically and where I'm going to receive this and this is my email application.
So let me send this is my mail test and let me put this is my test.
Application mail.
So you can add as many as you want.
You can use that things also.
And let me click send here so it will take time to perform actions.
Or while performing actions.
You can check all the actions in your tomcat localhost server where log where you can found that it's
connecting or not.
So let me show you when to.
You can check your IDs, adding and doing deals on everything you're doing with the Chrome tab.
So.
You can take my email sent succesfully or let me reload this.
So it's loading now and you can check my email I received.
So this is my another email I use for the temporary connection and everything.
You can use any other thing.
I can put.
Hi.
Got it as my reply.
So let me put this.
I got it.
So this is my test application and now it's working.
So let me show you how I created that.
Another thing.
Even when we go to this.
Okay, so this is my inbox and everything I read and you can check mail has been sent succesfully.
You can change the look of this also.
So let me go to the inbox.
So inbox is not very performed.
I created I just created as a prototype here for you to time constraints.
So I added some things here.
So this is my old thing I'm facing, not new thing I am fetching very old thing and fetching all the
emails and everything.
I am not handling everything here.
So like what is this?
You can create your own inbox, you can add here different things like contacts, you can add search
field.
I created this also using GSP so you can perform this.
So this is it.
How we can perform?
And as I told you, I received that mail.
But you can check here, like closing connection, a SMTP server where I'm accessing what I'm doing.
You can check everything and you can check for your passing and everything information from it.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.
And you can further more extended to most professional thing because this is not this is just I created
a prototype.
What you can do.
You can extend it more.
And you can build your own API as you can create here.
API Java is mostly useful for APIs.
You can create your own API or microservice for this in the form of XML, which is basically properties
XML.
You can perform these actions directly.
So let me show you complex and.
This is my complex.
Oh no.
This is in my point of XML.
So what you can do instead of adding it to mail artifact, it is different.
So.
Okay.
Now this is done.
Now we are good to go with the standard XML.
So you need to add some two three things here while developing on server, you need to add one field
to boot up your API, these things again and again.
Plus, you need to create one more thing to add to database because this is limited to only one user.
But while developing for company or industry, you need to face data from the database also.
So that's very easy when you display statements directly there.
So that's it and hope you understand.
Thank you.